README.md, before:

# My macOS Apps

## Utilities
* [Alfred 3](http://www.alfredapp.com/)
	```
	Best Spotlight Alternative
	```

* [Magnet](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/magnet/id441258766?mt=12)
	```
	A good windows management
	```
	
* [App Cleaner & Uninstaller](https://nektony.com/mac-app-cleaner)
	```
	A good way for full unistall an App
	```

* [CopyClip](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/copyclip-clipboard-history/id595191960?mt=12)
	```
	See the history of the things you copy
	```

* [Ethernet Status](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/ethernet-status-lite/id1227616292?mt=12)
	```
	A way to see a ethernet icon
	```

* [LanScan](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/lanscan/id472226235?mt=12)
	```
	Scan your local network
	```

* [Microsoft Remote Desktop](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/microsoft-remote-desktop/id1295203466?mt=12)
	```
	Access your Windows Computer for catch up on old times
	```

* [Speedtest](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/speedtest-teste-de-velocide/id300704847)
	```
	Test your internet velocity
	```

* [The Unarchiver](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/the-unarchiver/id425424353?mt=12)
	```
	Uncompress your files
	```

* [Memory Clean](https://fiplab.com/apps/memory-clean-for-mac)
	```
	A simple and free way to go along your computer memory
	```

* [Monosnap Screenshot Editor](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/monosnap-screenshot-editor/id540348655?mt=12)
	```
	For me, the best screenshot app
	```

* [Mac Fan Control](https://crystalidea.com/macs-fan-control/download)
	```
	Cool a little there
	```

---

## Browsers
* [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/intl/pt-BR/chrome/)
	```
	Pay Attention, this will end your memory ram
	```
	
* [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/pt-BR/firefox/download/thanks/)
	```
	If Chrome down...
	```
---

## Productivity
* [Todoist](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/todoist-to-do-list-tasks/id585829637?l=en&mt=12)
	```
	Make lists inside lists... An never end loop
	```
	
* [Trello](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/trello/id1278508951?l=en&mt=12)
	```
	A good and free way to manage your projects using KanBan
	```
	
* [Notion](https://www.notion.so/desktop)
	``` 
	The best app which was created in the last years. You can create a personal wiki, just
	Thx my bro Dias
	```	

* [Pocket](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/pocket/id568494494?l=en&mt=12)
	``` 
	Organize and save your read links
	```

---

## Talk
* [Telegram](https://macos.telegram.org/)
	```
	The best chat client ever!
	```
	
* [WhatsApp](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/whatsapp-desktop/id1147396723?l=en)
	```
	A necessary evil!! Please don't call me to another group...
	```

* [Twitter](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/twitter/id1482454543?l=en&mt=12)
	```
	Just for professional stuffs...
	```

---

## Multimedia


* [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/br/download/other/)
	```
	Spotify > Apple Music sorry
	```


* [VLC](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-macosx.pt-BR.html)
	```
	In case need to fix the torrent legend.. ops!
	```

---

## Monitoring

Commit message:

Add moom app on Utilities

README.md, after:

# My macOS Apps

## Utilities
* [Alfred 3](http://www.alfredapp.com/)
	```
	Best Spotlight Alternative
	```

* [Magnet](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/magnet/id441258766?mt=12)
	```
	A good windows management
	```
	
* [App Cleaner & Uninstaller](https://nektony.com/mac-app-cleaner)
	```
	A good way for full unistall an App
	```

* [CopyClip](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/copyclip-clipboard-history/id595191960?mt=12)
	```
	See the history of the things you copy
	```

* [Ethernet Status](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/ethernet-status-lite/id1227616292?mt=12)
	```
	A way to see a ethernet icon
	```

* [LanScan](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/lanscan/id472226235?mt=12)
	```
	Scan your local network
	```

* [Microsoft Remote Desktop](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/microsoft-remote-desktop/id1295203466?mt=12)
	```
	Access your Windows Computer for catch up on old times
	```

* [Speedtest](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/speedtest-teste-de-velocide/id300704847)
	```
	Test your internet velocity
	```

* [The Unarchiver](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/the-unarchiver/id425424353?mt=12)
	```
	Uncompress your files
	```

* [Memory Clean](https://fiplab.com/apps/memory-clean-for-mac)
	```
	A simple and free way to go along your computer memory
	```

* [Monosnap Screenshot Editor](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/monosnap-screenshot-editor/id540348655?mt=12)
	```
	For me, the best screenshot app
	```

* [Mac Fan Control](https://crystalidea.com/macs-fan-control/download)
	```
	Cool a little there
	```

* [Moom](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/moom/id419330170?l=en&mt=12)
	```
	Save exactly the positions of the windows
	```

---

## Browsers
* [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/intl/pt-BR/chrome/)
	```
	Pay Attention, this will end your memory ram
	```
	
* [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/pt-BR/firefox/download/thanks/)
	```
	If Chrome down...
	```
---

## Productivity
* [Todoist](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/todoist-to-do-list-tasks/id585829637?l=en&mt=12)
	```
	Make lists inside lists... An never end loop
	```
	
* [Trello](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/trello/id1278508951?l=en&mt=12)
	```
	A good and free way to manage your projects using KanBan
	```
	
* [Notion](https://www.notion.so/desktop)
	``` 
	The best app which was created in the last years. You can create a personal wiki, just
	Thx my bro Dias
	```	

* [Pocket](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/pocket/id568494494?l=en&mt=12)
	``` 
	Organize and save your read links
	```

---

## Talk
* [Telegram](https://macos.telegram.org/)
	```
	The best chat client ever!
	```
	
* [WhatsApp](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/whatsapp-desktop/id1147396723?l=en)
	```
	A necessary evil!! Please don't call me to another group...
	```

* [Twitter](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/twitter/id1482454543?l=en&mt=12)
	```
	Just for professional stuffs...
	```

---

## Multimedia


* [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/br/download/other/)
	```
	Spotify > Apple Music sorry
	```


* [VLC](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-macosx.pt-BR.html)
	```
	In case need to fix the torrent legend.. ops!
	```

---

## Monitoring
